Wildlife Mod adds new passive animals and plants to add that extra touch of atmosphere to your terraria world. You can make several new potions and get other goodies from the content.
The theme of content varies massively, from bamboo on the outskirts of your world to oysters found on the beaches.

Forum post is severely outdated, refer to the discord linked to it if you have questions.

Latest Update:
-made the bug bottles from last update craftable
-added a bottle for supercharged orbs
-changed flying coin hit/kill sounds
-fixed strawberry plant scale

-Hellscale Rat- Is it a rat? Is it a lizard? Whatever it is, its creepy and likes to crawl around in lava, spawns in hell
-Jadefish- This small fish spawns in caves, after catching it, you can use its stomach to get some coins and cave-going plants
-Dragonfly and infernal mosquito can now be bottled like fireflies
-The flying coin now drops itself when netted, its item sells for 5 gold, rather than the 1 it used to drop
Phoenixes no longer follow the player, phoenix sell prices changed accordingly, scorching phoenix item name was wrongly 'Phoenix', fixed
Added oyster pearls to heavenly crystal recipe, lowered amount of bullets crafted with one pearl
Given gilded crawler normal hit sounds as the old ones were too dramatic for a bug
Fixed yellow fairy potion icon size and yellow fairy bottle tooltip
Resprited the strawberry plant
Made the inferno potion alt recipe harder to get
Animals no longer spawn in the dirt layer/underground, owls are now properly restricted (no hell owls)
Living Mites now spawn from both wood and leaf blocks

Stoneberries- grow near water on stone, they increase health but lower damage, these will be reconsidered/revamped quite shortly, give some ideas on the discord server
Overgrown Living Wood Mite- Spawns in living mahoganys, used for bait
Scorching Phoenix- Like the frost phoenix, but spawns in hell
Oyster Gore Fixed
Flying Coin is now the correct size

Yellow Fairy- Spawns like the others, its bottled farm grants slightly increased defense
Living Wood Mite- Spawns in living wood trees, used for bait
Gilded Crawler and Supercharged Orb- One crawls, one floats and glows, found in granite and marble biomes, these two will be polished more soon
Arctic Fox- A chilly recolor of the normal fox for snow biomes
Frost Phoenix- Spawns all around the frost biome, even underground, for some reason it likes to follow you, it may split into two upon death
Glowmasks for more items and grammatical fixes.

Venom Radish- Grows on jungle grass in hardmode, careful not to use 'quick buff' with this in your inventory or you'll be envenomed.
You can use the venom radish for stink and battle potions, as well as pre-plantera venom vials using spider legs.
Pink Marshmallow- Add a strawberry to a cooked marshmallow, extends the effects of the strawberry.
Possibly some other minor tweaks.